releases/25-07-2024/android (#134)
hove-io/navitia_sdk_docs: docs/around_me/android/index.md

1. `appRouterUiImpl` should be the class instance implementing `AppRouter.UI` interface. We recommand usign a `Application` subclass.

#### Data interface methods

> A customizable button appears in the free floating details screen and the clicking event should be catched from the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A customizable button appears in the free floating details screen and the clicking event should be intercepted by the application.
```

```kotlin
override fun onBookFreeFloating(id: String) {
    // handle the free floating booking
}
```

| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `id` | `String` | Selected free floating id |

> A customizable button appears in the POI details screen and the clicking event should be catched from the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A customizable button appears in the POI details screen and the clicking event should be intercepted by the application.
```

<img class="img-overview" src="/navitia_sdk_docs/assets/img/aroundme_android_poi_button_event.png" alt="POI button event">

```kotlin
override fun onBookPoi(id: String) {
    // handle the free POI booking
}
```

| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `id` | `String` | Selected POI id |

### Modules

#### Account

> This module communicates with Account module in order to vizualize the account screens. You should enable the `account_mode` parameter in the [features configuration](../../getting_started/#around-me-features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module communicates with Account module in order to vizualize the account screen. You should enable the `account_mode` parameter in the [features configuration](../../getting_started/#around-me-features).
```

> The following method from the `AppRouter.UI` interface must be implemented by the host application to facilitate navigation to the Account module or any other custom screens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following method from the `AppRouter.UI` interface must be implemented by the host application to facilitate navigation to the Account module or any other custom screen.
```

```kotlin
override fun openAccountViaHost() {
    // launch the account module screen or your custom screen
}
```

#### Bookmark

> This module communicates with [Bookmark](../../bookmark/) module in order to vizualize favorite stations and POIs. You should enable the `bookmark_mode` parameter in the [features configuration](../../getting_started/#around-me-features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module communicates with [Bookmark](../../bookmark/) module in order to display favorite stations and POIs. You should enable the `bookmark_mode` parameter in the [features configuration](../../getting_started/#around-me-features).
```

> The following methods from the `AppRouter.UI` interface should be implemented by the host application to enable navigation to the Bookmark module or any other custom screens. Note that the parameters of these methods can be omitted as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following methods from the `AppRouter.UI` interface should be implemented by the host application to enable navigation to the Bookmark module or any other custom screen. Note that the parameters of these methods can be omitted as needed.
```

```kotlin
override fun openFavoritesViaHost(linkedModule: LinkedModule, tab: FavoriteTab) {
    // launch the bookmark module screen or your custom screen
}
```

| Param | Type | Description | Value |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | `linkedModule` | `LinkedModule` | Module triggering the method call | `LinkedModule.AROUND_ME` or `LinkedModule.JOURNEY` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `linkedModule` | `BookmarkLinkedModule` | Module triggering the method call | `BookmarkLinkedModule.AROUND_ME` or `BookmarkLinkedModule.JOURNEY` |
```

| `tab` | `FavoriteTab` | Tab to display in the Bookmark module screen | `FavoriteTab.TRANSPORTS`, `FavoriteTab.JOURNEYS` or `FavoriteTab.ADDRESSES` |

```kotlin

> override fun openFavoriteHomeAddViaHost(linkedModule: LinkedModule) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
override fun openFavoriteHomeAddViaHost(linkedModule: BookmarkLinkedModule) {
```

    // launch the bookmark module screen or your custom screen
}
```

| Param | Type | Description | Value |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | `linkedModule` | `LinkedModule` | Module triggering the method call  | `LinkedModule.AROUND_ME` or `LinkedModule.JOURNEY` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `linkedModule` | `BookmarkLinkedModule ` | Module triggering the method call  | `BookmarkLinkedModule.AROUND_ME` or `BookmarkLinkedModule.JOURNEY` |
```

Another way to communicate with [Journey](../../journey/) module is through the [Map](#map) screen and precisely the **Where are we going?** button, this feature should also be enabled by setting the `where_shall_we_go` in the [features configuration](../../getting_started/#around-me-features) to `true`.

The following method from the `AppRouter.UI` interface should be implemented by the host application to enable navigation to the Journey module or any other custom screens. Note that the parameters of these methods can be ignored as needed.

```kotlin
override fun openJourneysViaHost(
    origin: SharedData.JourneyPoint?,
    destination: SharedData.JourneyPoint?,
    showDirectlyAutoCompletion: Boolean
) {
    // launch the journey module screen or your custom screen
}
```

| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `origin` | `SharedData.JourneyPoint?` | Point de départ souhaité de l'itinéraire. Il n'est pas obligatoire |
| `destination` | `SharedData.JourneyPoint?` | Point d'arrivée souhaité de l'itinéraire. Il n'est pas obligatoire  |
| `showDirectlyAutoCompletion` | `Boolean` | Affiche directement la recherche de départ et/ou d'arrivée |

#### Schedule

> This module communicates with [Schedule](../../traffic/) module in order to vizualize line and station search. You should enable the `schedule_mode` parameter in the [features configuration](../../getting_started/#around-me-features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module communicates with [Schedule](../../traffic/) module in order to show line and station search. You should enable the `schedule_mode` parameter in the [features configuration](../../getting_started/#around-me-features).
```

The following method from the `AppRouter.UI` interface should be implemented by the host application to enable navigation to the Schedule module or any other custom screens.

```kotlin
override fun openScheduleSearchViaHost() {
    // launch the schedule module screen or your custom screen
}
```

#### Traffic

This module communicates with [Traffic](../../traffic/) module in order to easily access traffic information. You should enable the `traffic_mode` parameter in the [features configuration](../../getting_started/#around-me-features).<br>
A red traffic button will appear in the top right corner, only when the search bar is hidden.

<img class="img-overview" src="/navitia_sdk_docs/assets/img/aroundme_android_traffic_button.png" alt="Traffic mode">

> The following method from the `AppRouter.UI` interface should be implemented by the host application to enable navigation to the Traffic module or any other custom screens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following method from the `AppRouter.UI` interface should be implemented by the host application to enable navigation to the Traffic module or any other custom screen.
```
